As a Knox device reseller,
you can quickly and easily upload devices to a customer’s Knox account in bulk,
using the Knox Reseller Portal.
Before you begin, you’ll need the following:
A Knox partner account and access to the partner portal.
If you do not already have a partner account,
go to partner.samsungknox.com and sign up before continuing.
You'll also need your customer’s Knox ID.
If you are uploading devices to a Knox MSP account, you’ll need the MSP’s Knox ID.
To get started, log into the Knox Partner Program portal,
then launch the Knox Reseller portal.
If this is your first time launching the Knox Reseller portal,
review and agree to the data processing agreement.
Next, go to the Customers page, then click ADD CUSTOMER.
Enter the Knox ID of your customer or MSP.
If the Knox ID is valid, you’ll see the name and contact information appear in the field below.
Provide an optional internal customer reference,
which can make it easier to identify customers in your Knox Reseller Portal.
If an internal reference is added, it appears beside the customer name on the Customers page.
Click Submit to add the customer.
Once added, you can click the name to begin uploading devices to their account.
Click the customer's name to begin uploading devices to their account.
On the following page, click UPLOAD DEVICES,
then browse for your CSV file containing all of your customer's device IMEI numbers,
then click UPLOAD.
If your devices are uploaded successfully, you’ll see a Completed status.
Click the link in the VERIFIED DEVICES column to go to the DEVICES tab
where you can review the list of IMEI numbers associated with this upload.
If you made a mistake uploading the wrong device to a customer,
or if a customer no longer needs a device, you can delete it from their account.
To do this, go to the DEVICES tab, select the device you want to delete
or use the search bar to find the device, then click ACTIONS, Delete devices.
Alternatively, you can delete all devices associated with the entire upload by clicking the UPLOADS tab,
selecting the upload ID, then clicking ACTIONS, Delete device upload.
If your device upload fails for any reason, you’ll see Error appear in the STATUS column.
Click the corresponding icon to generate a report detailing the cause of the error,
the upload ID, and the IMEI of the affected devices.
This concludes our video on how to upload devices to Knox servers on behalf of a customer.
Check out part 2 of this series to learn how you can help customers approve device uploads
and set reseller preferences.
For help at any time, you can access our partner documentation
from the Support page's Resources section, or by going to the partner tab at